Add guidance on PRs and git commits (#2236)
rancher/k3s: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Doc issues are raised in this repository, and they are tracked under the `kind/documentation` label.
- Pull requests are submitted to the K3s documentation source in the [Rancher docs repository.](https://github.com/rancher/docs/) The K3s docs content is in the `content/k3s/` directory.

## Pull request and git commit guidance

### Opening PRs and organizing commits
PRs should generally address only 1 issue at a time. If you need to fix two bugs, open two separate PRs. This will keep the scope of your pull requests smaller and allow them to be reviewed and merged more quickly.

When possible, fill out as much detail in the pull request template as is reasonable. Most important is to reference the GitHub issue that you are addressing with the PR.

> **NOTE:** GitHub has [a feature](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword) that will automatically close issues referenced with a keyword (such as "Fixes") by a PR or commit once the PR/commit is merged. Don't use these keywords. We don't want issues to be automatically closed. We want our testers to independently verify and close them.

Reviewer: Great note. Curious if we can turn this off somehow or have a bot fix this for us by editing the PR

Reviewer 2: Nobody else does this.... Which makes me think we are doing something wrong.

Author: It cannot be turned off in github (yet).

darren, what part do you think we're doing wrong? trying to keep issues open?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, keeping issues open.  But it's going to go into a much, much bigger discussion. Probably shouldn't have said anything as this PR isn't the place to have that tangent.

Author: yep, no problem. i knew this would generate "fix the process" comments.

Generally, pull requests should consist of a single logical commit. However, if your PR is for a large feature, you may need a more logical breakdown of commits. This is fine as long as each commit is a single logical unit.

The other exception to this single-commit rule is if your PR includes a change to a vendored dependency or generated code. To make reviewing easier, these changes should be segregated into their own commit. Note that as we migrate from using the vendor directory to a pure go module model for our projects, this will be less of an issue.

### Writing good commit messages
Git commit messages should explain the how and why of your change and be separated into a brief subject line followed by a more detailed body. When in doubt, follow this guide for good commit messages and you can’t go wrong: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/.

One particularly useful point made in the above guide is regarding commit subject lines:

> A properly formed Git commit subject line should always be able to complete the following sentence:
> 
> - If applied, this commit will <ins>your subject line here</ins>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> A properly formed Git commit subject line should always be able to complete the following sentence:
> 
> - If applied, this commit will <ins>your subject line here</ins>
```

### Writing good commit messages
Git commit messages should explain the how and why of your change and be separated into a brief subject line followed by a more detailed body. When in doubt, follow this guide for good commit messages and you can’t go wrong: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/.

One particularly useful point made in the above guide is regarding commit subject lines:

A properly formed Git commit subject line should always be able to complete the following sentence:

- If applied, this commit will <ins>your subject line here</ins>

> One simple but effective pattern to follow for commits is the “problem / solution” pattern. It looks like this:

Reviewer 3: Starting two paragraphs in a row with 'One', and saying 'pattern' twice in a sentence, sounds a little off to me... how about:

```suggestion
A simple but effective convention to follow for commits is the “problem / solution” pattern. It looks like this:
```
